Student: Michael Kuby    ID#: 301562996    1.  Which of the four transforms suggested got you the closest to satisfying the assumptions of a T-test?Square root. By taking the root of the values I was able to get a p value for weekends and a p val for variance that were greater than the .05 threshold, thus the null hypothesis would have held. I had a pvalue for weekdays of .0369, however, which was still problematic. Otherwise, the exponential approachlet to an overflow of the values, making it unusuable; squaring the values led to p values that wereof no use; and logarithmic values had p values for weekdays and for variance that were not useful.2.  I gave imprecise English translations of what the by-week test, and the Mann-Whitney test were     actually testing. Do the same for the original T-test, and for the transformed data T-test. That is,    describe what the conclusion would be if you could reject the null hypothesis in those tests.    Original T-Test: Are there a different number of Reddit comments posted on weekdays than on weekendsin the subreddit 'canada' between the years 2012 and 2013? As far as I understand, transforming the databy using log, exp, square, or square root, does not change the fundamental structure of the data, and sothe underlying question does not change. That is, the imprecise English translation is the same as forthe original T-Test. The null hypothesis for those tests was that there was not a different number ofReddit comments posted on weekdays than on weekends in the subreddit canada between the years 2012 and2013. The alternative hypothesis then would be that there is a different number of Reddit comments posted on weekdays than on weekends in the subreddit canada between the years 2012 and 2013.3.  Of the four approaches, which do you think actually does a better job of getting an answer for the     original question: “are there a different number of Reddit comments posted on weekdays than on     weekends?” Briefly explain why. (It's not clear to me that there is a single correct answer to this     question.)Of the four approaches, I think the Mann-Whitney U Test probably answers the original question best.Why? Because we obtained an extremely small p value that allowed us to directly answer the originalquestion without adjusting the data set or changing the question itself. We should have a high degreeof confidence in this result. That said, I also think that the aggregated approach gives us a very similar and very related answer; however, since we are aggregating the data by week, it really is answering a slightly new question, and not the original.    4.  When are more Reddit comments posted in /r/canada, on average weekdays or weekends?Based on the results of our testing we are unable to answer this question with any certainty, sinceour tests were all two-tailed. We can only say for certain that there is a difference.